docs(Bug Report Template): add System information (#958)
ChrisTitusTech/linutil: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

## Additional context
Add any other context about the problem here.

## System

> Distribution: Your Linux Distribution
> DE/WM: Gnome, Hyprland...
> Communication Protocol: X11/Wayland
> Version and branch of linutil: Version can be found inside linutil. Branch (Stable/Dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution: 
DE/WM (GNOME, Hyprland, etc): 
Windowing System (X11/Wayland): 
Linutil version (found on the top of the list within linutil):
Branch (stable/prerelease/master): 
```
